Controlling (the other) Unimacro grammars and actions

This is the controlling grammar, with which you can show or edit things.  Say *show control* for the details of this grammar, say *edit control* for changing things, including translation or synonyms.

For other language versions these commands (below) can differ.  When link(/features/translations/index.html, translating Unimacro grammars) to a new language, start with this grammar.

 The grammar:
:TABLE firstcoldifferent=1, border=1:
:HEADING:
command
:COL:comment
:ROW:show all grammars
:COL:open the display grammar window with all grammars.
:ROW:show active grammars
:COL:give a list of active grammars. Also show non active (but loaded) grammars and grammars outside the Unimacro reach. Currently show all grammars and show active grammars give the same listing in a dialog window. See example below.


:ROW:show|edit {grammarname}
:COL:show the actual information (including the grammar) of grammarname, or edit the inifile for grammarname


:ROW:show|edit actions
:COL:give the actual actions of the window you are in, or edit the actions inifile.


:ROW:edit grammar {grammarname}
:COL:Opens the python file in the appropriate window (eg Pythonwin).  

The switch for automatic reloading is set when you edit some grammar file. So, when you save your changes, the grammar will be reloaded at next utterance. Anyway, at mic toggle a changed grammar file is always reloaded if changed.

:ROW:switch on|off {grammarname}
:COL: switch on or off some grammar. The switching on or off is also set in the _.ini_ configuration file of the respective grammar, so is persistent across Dragon sessions.


:ROW:switch on|off all grammars
:COL: all Unimacro grammars except the grammar control can be switched off in this way. Persistent across Dragon sessions.
::

 Example show (active|all) grammars
 
This example shows the "common grammars", from which "number simple" is switched off. "Click by voice" is inactive, because when this command was called, no browser window was in the foreground. 

image(show active grammars.jpg, title=dialog window showing active and non-active grammars of Unimacro, displayscale=0.7)

Next example was taken after I said "switch on number simple", and I brought the Chrome window in the foreground:

image(all unimacro grammars active.jpg, title=dialog window showing all unimacro grammars are active,displayscale=0.7)


 Switching on and off

You can switch on or off grammars by the command shown above.

The YesNo dialog box further asks you if you want to see the details of the grammars. Unfortunately this (25 year old program) does not work at the moment. Maybe it can be repaired at some time.

 Actions (now UnimacroActions)

link("/features/actions/index.html", "Actions") are used in many grammars.
They can be shown or edited through the commands in the table above.  

